# Stock Price Prediction
 
The art of forecasting stock prices has been a difficult task for many of the researchers and analysts. 
In fact, investors are highly interested in the research area of stock price prediction. For a good and successful investment, many investors are keen on knowing the future situation of the stock market. 
Good and effective prediction systems for the stock market help traders, investors, and analyst by providing supportive information like the future direction of the stock market.

## New York Stock Exchange dataset

This dataset is a playground for fundamental and technical analysis. It is said that 30% of traffic on stocks is already generated by machines, can trading be fully automated? If not, there is still a lot to learn from historical data.

Dataset consists of following files:
- prices.csv: raw, as-is daily prices. Most of data spans from 2010 to the end 2016, for companies new on stock market date range is shorter. There have been approx. 140 stock splits in that time, this set doesn't account for that.
- prices-split-adjusted.csv: same as prices, but there have been added adjustments for splits.
- securities.csv: general description of each company with division on sectors
- fundamentals.csv: metrics extracted from annual SEC 10K fillings (2012-2016), should be enough to derive most of popular fundamental indicators.

Prices were fetched from Yahoo Finance, fundamentals are from Nasdaq Financials, extended by some fields from EDGAR SEC databases.